.TH "kkeditmsg" "1" "0.2.0" "K. D. Hedger." "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
\fBkkeditmsg\fR - manual page for kkeditmsg 0.2.0
.br

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBkkeditmsg \fR[\fIOPTION\fR] [\fITEXT\fR]
.br

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
A simple scripting/remote control cli app for kkedit.
.br

\fB-s\fR, \fB--send\fR=\fITEXT\fR
.br
	Send message [\fITEXT\fR] (defaults to receive).
.br
	See 'COMMANDS' for description of what commadns can be sent to KKEdit.
.br

\fB-r\fR, \fB--receive\fR
.br
	Print all messages in queue to stdout.
.br

\fB-f\fR, \fB--flush\fR
.br
	Flush message queue quietly.
.br

\fB-k\fR, \fB--key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
.br
	Use \fIKEY\fR (INTEGER) instead of generated one.
.br

\fB-w\fR, \fB--wait\fR
.br
	Wait for message's to arrive (blocking).
.br

\fB-W\fR, \fB--wait-first\fR
.br
	Wait for first message to arrive (blocking) then continue.
.br

\fB-b\fR, \fB--block\fR
.br
	Wait for first message to arrive (blocking) then continue receved message is discarded.
.br

\fB-a\fR, \fB--activate\fR
.br
	Activate kkedit and execute queued commands.
.br

\fB-R\fR, \fB--remove\fR
.br
	Remove Queue.
.br

\fB-v\fR, \fB--version\fR
.br
	output version information and exit.
.br

\fB-h\fR, -?, \fB--help\fR
.br
	print this help.
.br

.SH "COMMANDS"
Commands are case sensitive.
.br
Commands recognised by KKEdit:
.br

\fBQuit\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to quit.
.br
\fBGotoLine\fR:\fILINENUM\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to goto \fILINENUM\fR on current page.
.br
\fBSearchDef\fR:\fINAME\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to search for definition of function, variable etc \fINAME\fR.
.br
\fBSelectTab\fR:\fINAME\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to activate tab \fINAME\fR.
.br
\fBSelectTabByPath\fR:\fIFILEPATH\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to activate tab whose filepath is \fIFILEPATH\fR.
.br
\fBBookmark\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to toggle bookmark for current line.
.br
\fBCloseTab\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to close current tab.
.br
\fBSetMark\fR:\fIUSERMARK\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to set usermark named \fIUSERMARK\fR at current line.
.br
\fBUnsetMark\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to remove usermark named \fIUSERMARK\fR at current line.
.br
\fBMoveTo\fR:\fIOFFSET\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to move cursor to \fIOFFSET\fR on current line. 
.br
\fBSelectBetween\fR:\fISTART\fR:\fIEND\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to select text between \fISTART\fR and \fIEND\fR on currrent line.
.br
\fBPaste\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to paste text on clipboard.
.br
\fBCopy\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to copy currently selected text.
.br
\fBCut\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to cut currently selected text.
.br
\fBInsertText\fR:\fITEXT\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to insert \fITEXT\fR at current position.
.br
\fBInsertNL\fR:\fINUM\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to insert \fINUM\fR newlines into text.
.br
\fBInsertFile\fR:\fIFILEPATH\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to insert file \fIFILEPATH\fR at current location.
.br
\fBPrintFiles\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to send a list of currently open files back to kkeditmsg.
.br
\fBWaitForKKEdit\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to inform kkeditmsg when finished opening files from the command line. 
.br
\fBShowContinue\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to show the 'Continue' menu item in the 'Navigation' menu and send a message to back to kkeditmsg when activated.
.br
\fBRunTool\fR:\fINAME\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to run external tool named \fINAME\fR.
.br
\fBRestoreSession\fR:\fIFILEPATH\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to restore a session from file \fIFILEPATH\fR.
.br
\fBActivateMenuNamed\fR:\fINAME\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to activate a menu item named \fINAME\fR, this is the widget name as defined in 'kkedit-plugins.h' or defined by a plugin NOT the menu label.
.br
\fBActivateMenuLabeled\fR:\fILABEL\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to activate menu by menu item label \fILABEL\fR.
.br
\fBSendPosData\fR
.br
	Tell KKEdit to send kkeditmsg the current filepath and line number in the format "/path/to/file:linnumber"
.br

User marks are named "user1", "user2", "user3", "user4", this may change and be configureable later.
.br
.SH "FILES"

See the example scropts in the '/usr/share/KKEdit/goodies' folder.
.br
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to kdhedger68713@gmail.com
.br

