.TH "kkedit" "1" "0.3.4" "K.D.Hedger" ""
.SH "NAME"
KKEdit — Source code text editor.
.br
.SH "SYNTAX"
kkedit [\fIoption\fR] <file>
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
KKEdit is NOT a word processor or a web page editor, it is NOT
.br
and IDE! It won't right code for you, it wont insist on inserting
.br
brackets ( REALLY annoying! ), it wont force you to use any
.br
particular style, it doesn't need you to break all your fingers
.br
trying to hit weird and wonderful key combo's and it is not tied
.br
to one particular distro, oh yes and it won't cost you a penny!
.br

KKEdit is a deceptively simple text editor with syntax colouring.
.br
It also has a function menu which allows you to jump instantly to
.br
a function definition, a navigation menu which will look in all
.br
open files for a function definition and then switch to that tab
.br
and go to the relevant line if it can't find a definition in any
.br
open files it will do a recursive search from the folder of the
.br
currently selected document, you can also highlight a #include
.br
directive and it will search for and try to open the file,
.br
include files surrounded by <> will be looked for in /usr/include,
.br
files surrounded by "" will be looked for in the current folder.
.br
External tools can be added either globally or locally and when
.br
run can either replace the currently select text with their
.br
output, replace all the files text, be run in a terminal or you
.br
can choose to ignore the output form the script, BASH, python and
.br
perl can be used for the script language or any interpretor that
.br
uses '#' as a comment marker.
.br

You can drag and drop a file onto the main toolbar/menu to open a
.br
file. Session can be saved and reloaded. Any amount of bookmarks can
.br
be added anywhere, selecting a bookmark from the menu will switch to
.br
that tab and move to the appropriate line. Just type a line number
.br
into the edit box on the toolbar to jump straight to that line.
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
\fB-h, --help\fR
.br
		Show help options.
.br

\fB-m, --multiple\fR
.br
		Multiple instance mode.
.br

\fB-s, --safe\fR
.br
		Safe mode (disable all plugins and use new instance).
.br

<\fIfile\fR>
.br
		Opens specified <\fIfile\fR>.
.br
.SH "AUTHORS"
Bugs, suggestions etc to:
.br
keithhedger@keithhedger.darktech.org
.br
